# WebAnalyticsRetriever - Short Manual

## How To Use

1. Create a file "terms.txt" in the same directory the program is executed in. As an alternative, specify a path to this terms.txt via a start parameter.
2. Create a file settings.properties in the same directory the program is executed in. The settings file needs to contain:
	1. a valid google api key: "google-api-key=XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX". Such a key can be obtained [here](href="https://developers.google.com/custom-search/v1/overview).
	2. the directory of a Google Chrome selenium driver. This can be obtained [here](https://chromedriver.chromium.org/downloads).
3. Run java -jar WebAnalyticsRetriever.jar to collect the search result data. It is recommended to run the application multiple times because of the very high deviation of search result counts.

## Files created by the WebAnalyticsRetriever

There is one file created with each run:
1. output-YYYY-MM-dd-HH-mm.csv: Contains the raw search result for each expanded key word in this format: "<platform-name>, <search-result-count-google-search-api>, <search-result-count-reddit>, <search-result-count-google-websearch>, <search-result-count-google-websearch-exact>

---

# Analytics Aggregator - Short Manual

## How To Use
1. Place the AnalyticsAggregator.jar in the same directory as the output.csv files generated by the WebAnalyticsRetriever
2. Run java -jar AnalyticsAggregator.jar to aggregate the search result data.

## Files created by the WebAnalyticsRetriever

There are six files created with each run:
1. output-consolidated-exact-aggregated-YYYY-MM-dd-HH-mm.csv: Contains the search result counts for each search engine aggregated by term and consolidated to one number for each original term, not including the search result counts of the original term itself with exact numbers. Also contains the number of runs for each term for each search engine
2. output-consolidated-rounded-aggregated-YYYY-MM-dd-HH-mm.csv: Contains the same as above but with rounded numbers.
3. output-original-rounded-aggregated-YYYY-MM-dd-HH-mm.csv: Contains the original search terms without expansion but aggregated by search term (disjunctive to file 1). Also contains the number of runs for each term for each search engine
4. output-woresults-consolidated-rounded-aggregated-YYYY-MM-dd-HH-mm.csv: Contains the same data as file 1 but without the number of runs for each term for each search engine.
5. output-std-YYYY-MM-dd-HH-mm.csv: Contains the standard deviations for each term (not consolidated) over all runs
6. output-results-table-YYYY-MM-dd-HH-mm.txt: Contains a LaTeX-compatible table data formatting of the data from file 4.
